[Music]
I'm in California for 20 minutes and the
John Hill is re making me like you a
legal thing yeah we're going to track
back in the here you need to mama
yeah let you by I know but I'm so happy
to see you yeah it's good to be in the
California you're not you can use you're
such a bad person right now get us on
breaking the law yeah girl yeah stated
bro we out here in the Pacific Palisades
and it's absolutely stunning I just
watched the latest John Hill blog and
you have something that I want to try
literally is explained to me I think
everyone can do this but you always look
ridiculous trying it yeah I want to try
it coward the internet for these check
it out
and they're the cheapest things in the
world - yeah like cheaply made is what
I'm saying
ridiculous my YouTube card Wow you don't
know John John Isaiah skateboard
youtuber as you can tell about his car
so explain to me what these are
well if they feel like a bike without
actually having a body at all so you
pedal it and you can settle it perfect
timing just to get going at all and you
always look fine you'll see okay why are
you going downhill it actually stops you
from going back right
I guess maybe start accelerating
whoa bro look it stops you from slipping
oh we haven't gotten a good slim yet
whoa whoa what do we do technology
yes yes yes yes yes
[Music]
[Applause]
recently I did a podcast and you know
when I told my story and stuff I
realized that I mentioned musical when I
was 11 years old I begged my mom beg beg
beg beg I thought it was a cool thing
ever I wanted to play scopa and after
begging and begging for lessons
I finally got guitar I watched those
many hitman happen and Church I know
doesn't kind of make a foreign concept
some people we had a cool Phaeton we had
some dancers on the stage it was crazy
but I saw these musicians logging out
every single weekend have their fancy
shiny pretty guitars my success my
pedals and loud loudness and it was epic
and I always had loved music I grew up
in a very musical musical look even
though my parents didn't play a
instrument there was always music but
after years of lessons the moment I was
able to play some chords play Little
League lines I immediately tried out for
my band actress honestly the first
experience was terrible and it was just
like oh my god pair watches that kept
going and going after and I fell in love
I started working so much because I
needed that music her I needed that new
answers like babysitting new guitarist
babysitting new Cubs refereeing
basketball games new aunts and then it
was beyond that I started talking
really why don't we form a band we want
to make our own music you want to play
and like the club and and also nothing
that is what happened we formed the band
called the bad habit it's pretty sick
name
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm ready I will play that I've done a
lot of creative stuff whether it's video
photo music and still to this day be
best feeling in the world probably I
don't know if it tops like finishing a
video I would say it maybe maybe is
writing music when you're with your best
buds and you're just jamming and you're
right in the song you you come up with
these ideas that weren't existent before
but then you put chords and these lines
and strum parts and vocals to a song and
then you make this beautiful 4-minute
thing that people live to and then you
put it on a CD and you play a show for
any of that that is kind of like peak
creative like hi it's peak like a peak
creative hi
[Music]
you
no matter what you're doing if you're
doing something creative and you are
making something out of literally
nothing it is so empowering especially
when it's good and people recognize is
good that's that's fun this one
so tell me stuff dog
tell me when Allah can go tell me secure
down drop it on
[Music]
complete music with me they know that
the only person I really ever played was
John Mayer there was a place my life
where I knew other songs but then I
discovered the live in LA where the line
is drawn column and I basically just
learned every single song and that's all
I ever really play so you know I get
this question a lot like Sarah when are
we going to get to sure you play guitar
and it's so weird because that used to
be such a big part of my life and the
only thing that I would ever do this
play guitar but now it's this weird
thing that I used to do it's like can i
still play guitar I don't know but John
has a very attitude guitar here at
Department let's see if I remember some
some of the John Mayer tunes
let's see you do not know it be John
Mayer at live in LA Elvis basically just
continual albums but then live in LA and
it's um it's got the name ball boys I
always play it that one
[Music]
it's so rare you don't play forever
I played for ten seconds and I already
feel my fingers hoping so much slow
dancing in a burning room there we go
I'm getting it back
[Music]
one song that I could never conquer I
would sit down and try to learn John
Mayer song for hours and days and days
and no one thought that I'm still so
adamant about getting I should probably
I mean I say that but I haven't played
legit guitar probably two years it's a
song me on something tomorrow always
just so good was the way he played with
his right hand with so clutch and he got
me basically never using a pick but he
has such a rhythm with a brand that is
so hard to conquer but you play guitar
trailers from John Mayer stuff it's fun
[Music]
so there you go a lot of you guys have
been asking so that that is the guitar
skills that I have left and me it's
crazy when you don't practice a craft
you know I used to play guitar every
single day like what what's a new
paramour song I can learn or what what's
you know a new song I can write links to
for my band and yeah it was a good time
BAE the shift happened where I kind of
fell out of love with guitar and if you
music if any of you guys do music or
you've done music you know that it's
probably one of the hardest things ever
to make a job out of if you're into
photography or video or anything
creative designed if still it's not the
easiest thing but you can make a proper
living
and I feel like with music there's not
that middle ground it's either like
you're big or you're struggling like
crazy but I'm super passionate about
music and musicians and you know I try
to stay involved in any way I can and
that's why in a little video I love
putting images to music I think I've
been pretty pretty good taste taste the
music I do have some fire Spotify
playlist if you guys want to check that
out put them in the description but yeah
there you go
guitars I play it if you like jamming
with me hit that like button if you're
new around here welcome to the Phe fam
become a part of the peachy fam hit that
subscribe button down below i post
videos every monday through friday last
night i wasn't able to get one up in
time so I did a little fun livestream
those are kind of fun to sprinkle in
every now and then but I always seem to
have issues with them so it was fun I
did it with John you can see it's kind
of goofing around on the beach if you
wanna watch that it's a full verticle
mode so you have to watch it like on
your phone vertical in spurts but
anyways thanks for tuning in I will see
you guys on Monday stay peachy okay
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
you were giving me Oh you coming to the
test